lazyload/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Lazy load
date: "2020-05-25 22:52:10 +0200"
date_gmt: "2020-05-25 21:52:10 +0200"
---

Did you know I'm the author of a popular LazyLoad script?<br>
You can find it on:

- [GitHub](https://github.com/verlok/vanilla-lazyload)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vanilla-lazyload)
- [jsdelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/vanilla-lazyload)
- [on this website](/vanilla-lazyload)

If you really like it, you can show your appreciation ❤ [buying me a coffee](https://ko-fi.com/verlok).

## Articles on lazy load

- [Lazy load responsive images in 2020]({% post_url 2020-05-24-lazy-load-responsive-images-in-2020-srcset-sizes-picture-webp %})
- [A smashing article on hybrid lazy loading]({% post_url 2019-05-06-hybrid-lazy-loading-smashing-magazine-article %})
- [Native lazy loading and js-based fallback with vanilla-lazyload 12]({% post_url 2019-04-11-native-lazy-loading-with-vanilla-lazyload %})
- [Check if an element is still inside viewport after a given time]({% post_url 2018-08-27-check-if-element-still-inside-viewport-after-given-time %})
- [Intersection Observer and Lazy Load of elements]({% post_url 2017-09-04-using-intersection-observers-to-create-vanilla-lazyload %})
- [A new LazyLoad to improve your website performance]({% post_url 2014-11-20-a-new-lazyload-to-improve-your-website-performance %})

Commit message:

This isn't going to end

lazyload/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Lazy load
date: "2020-05-25 22:52:10 +0200"
date_gmt: "2020-05-25 21:52:10 +0200"
---

You might be here because of an old link, since I've recently changed the URL of the vanilla-lazyload website. You're visiting the old URL, the new one is this &rarr; [vanilla-lazyload website](/vanilla-lazyload)

---

Oh, didn't you know that I'm the author of a LazyLoad script? It's very popular. You can find it on:

- [GitHub](https://github.com/verlok/vanilla-lazyload)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vanilla-lazyload)
- [jsdelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/vanilla-lazyload)
- [on this website](/vanilla-lazyload)

If you really like it, you can show your ❤ appreciation by [buying me a coffee](https://ko-fi.com/verlok).

## Articles on lazy load

- [Lazy load responsive images in 2020]({% post_url 2020-05-24-lazy-load-responsive-images-in-2020-srcset-sizes-picture-webp %})
- [A smashing article on hybrid lazy loading]({% post_url 2019-05-06-hybrid-lazy-loading-smashing-magazine-article %})
- [Native lazy loading and js-based fallback with vanilla-lazyload 12]({% post_url 2019-04-11-native-lazy-loading-with-vanilla-lazyload %})
- [Check if an element is still inside viewport after a given time]({% post_url 2018-08-27-check-if-element-still-inside-viewport-after-given-time %})
- [Intersection Observer and Lazy Load of elements]({% post_url 2017-09-04-using-intersection-observers-to-create-vanilla-lazyload %})
- [A new LazyLoad to improve your website performance]({% post_url 2014-11-20-a-new-lazyload-to-improve-your-website-performance %})
